Spends their free time immersed in intellectual pursuits.
Always eager to explore undiscovered country.
This officer believes in always being on the offense.
Never satisfied with their position, and always looking for opportunities to advance.
More computer than man.
Wants nothing to do with the political side of empire.
The Gods gift to the Navy.
An expert on stellar phenomna and astrogation.
People cant keep their eyes off this officer. The dress uniform definitely doesn't hurt.
Commands with an iron fist.
Others are drawn to by this officer's charisma.
Some wonder whether this officer cares any more for the lives of their allies than they do those of their enemies.
Never quick to anger or easy to ruffle.
Unpredictable at best.
Slow to approach a situation, but willing to commit once the best course of action is clear.
Always able to lighten even the darkest mood.
Rules over the bridge with all the personability of a statue.
Quick to strike back at any perceived slight, whether from friend or foe.
Happy with their place in the order of things, not much can rile this officer.
Dedicated to protecting the time honored traditions of the nation.
Always the first into the breach.
Often extends courtesies neither required or expected.
Only appreciates a ship for its ability to escape the enemy.
A rising noble.
This officer makes decisions quickly and commits to them.
Quick to spread responsibilites among a crew or fleet to maximize performance.
Suffers from delusions of grandeur.
A stickler for regulations, and expects the same of their underlings.
This officer is always hiding something from others.
Paperwork just has a way of going missing. As do missiles on occasion.
A defector from a rival power. Can they be trusted not to turn again?
This officer is never standing still, another project is always ready.
Ready to commit towards any course of action that will boost their reputation.
Eager to embrace advancing technologies and ideas.
The Academy never managed to ruin the joy of space for this officer.
Business pursuits needn't interfere with an officers responsibilities.
This officer has no standard approach and quickly adapts to changing situations.
Posesses a laser focus.
A poor leader, but a faithful subordinate.
Quick to make friends and ingratiate themselves.
Everything just seems a bit easier to this officer.
Suffers from a permanent case of doom and gloom.
Spends their free time studying ancient histories.
This officer never hesitates to tell the truth, regardless of political considerations.
A humble leader, always quick to glorify their subordinates.
Lives for the hunt, ideal for special and nonconventional operations.
Never seems to know what they're supposed to.
Has a lively imagination, for better or for worse.
Struggles to wait and prone to jumping the gun.
Personally impoverished, how this may affect their loyalty and performance is unknown.
Totally unable to commit to a course of action, regardless of the strength of the evidence.
Once an action is chosen, theres simply no going back for this officer.
A known innovator of new tactics and stratagems.
Prone to bouts of genius when presented with a problem.
Chronically unable to obey orders and a total menace to their superiors.
The only good xeno is a dead xeno.
Always covets the newest, fastest, largest and most powerful.
Demands the best but never puts the effort forward to get it.
An expert mathematician.
A dedicated, by the book leader.
Always quick to understate their own achievements.
Something drives this officer to fight just a bit harder.
Nothing matters to this officer except themselves.
Their last name seems to have had quite an impact on their test results.
The slighest disturbance drives this officer off the edge.
Easily able to seperate their analysis from their own feelings.
The missile magazines are half full.
Everyones out to get this officer, according to them at least.
More dedicated to fighting the enemy within than the enemy without.
Nothing can drive this officer to premature action.
The missile magazines are half empty.
Has an entire closet full of togas.
Has a whole book full of grudges.
The gods will protect this officer, they hope.
Can rebuild a frameshift drive from a paperclip and some ducttape.
A total jerk for absolutely no reason.
A classical gentleman officer.
Sticks out even the worst conditions and circumstances without breaking.
Ready for any situation.
Not quite paranoid, but still wary of everything, and everyone, around them.
Xenos aren't that bad.
Quick to trust, maybe too quick. This officer cant comprehend treachery.
Never appreciates the efforts of their compatriots.
Never seems to feel as strongly as their comrades.
Will cross the galaxy to seek revenge.